Oh god.
Nina.
What's wrong?
Look, turn this light on quickly.
She's doing well.
This is totally a huge
one at a time.
So it should be on it.
I think that's scary.
What are you doing there?
I can't sleep.
I'm afraid that she will secure
me or
she gives me one of her two
comforts and lays eggs there.
Do you want me to
sleep down there?
Get into my bed.
No, I am safe here.
When she's hungry, she
starts with you.
Thank you, nice.
Sleep well.
-You too.
I forgot you completely.
Help, i can't move.
What since you lay
down there all night.
Hello, my back.
There's no such thing as that.
There comes flowers.
Hold on, carefully.
Otherwise you will cut your
fingers off yourself.
Yes or she picks up your shoes.
My shoes.
Morning.
Did you sleep well?
Goes so.
-Why?
Couldn't you sleep because
of Mr. kiss?
No, i had a really strange dream.
From Kaya? I don't want to
hear that at all really.
No, not from Kaya.
From Max.
Tells me every detail?
No, leave it.
That was really a crazy dream.
Please Lu.
All right then.
Max and i were in a meadow and
he has photos made
and then I put my leg.
Exciting?
That's not all,
then he said a lot of things to me.
That he likes me and and then
and then he kissed me.
Are you happy that you
like going to school?
Also too.
And because the plant
grows so quickly.
Yes, way too fast.
I need my make-up.
But that's fine
the faster we can solve the
puzzles and keep going.
If you don't let us have
breakfast beforehand plastered.
Please plant out.
And then Daniel and I see
each other again more often.
He was always here.
Yes but only so briefly.
When you are on to
then that's not good either.
It gets boring really quickly.
Not with us.
-Yes,
also with you.
It's better if you don't see
each other that often.
That makes the whole thing a lot
more exciting.
But I was being with him
the whole time.
Now listen to me,
besides, you should today on
the first day look sensational.
Then he doesn't find himself
so quickly boring.
Thank you.
I know it doesn't make
any sense.
And you are not allowed
to tell anyone.
But
I don't even want to talk about it.
Dreams are totally stupid.
Which is not true anyway
If I would want to kiss Max.
And what about Kaya now?
I don't know.
His performance was pretty stupid.
But maybe was just excited.
I found he looked quite relaxed.
Yes, you are right too.
I don't know myself, Lotte.
I've kissed seven boys or six.
Maybe it wasn't after all Kaya,
you know what, try again
with the appointment.
Be persistent.
Yes, the last time is not
at all responded to it.
Stay tuned.
Asks him
then he shows his real thing
face, believe me.
Madness.
The flowers have risen.
What did i tell you this morning?
That's great.
Already be careful, yes Felix.
Oh my God.
Stop your stupid joke, Felix.
Plant the seeds, the soil
from a grave.
They want
What? what do they want?
Living meat.
Away from the plant.
My uncle.
If the seeds are planted from
them at the grave will then
Then what?
-They want live meat.
And you tell us that
only now?
I don't stay in one a second
longer room with this,
this one eat meat stripped.
It eats everyone up.
Now come down again.
That will not happen.
It grew so big in one night,
right Nina?
Yes.
I'm leaving now.
Now eats us all up.
I want to be at
breakfast now.
My bread.
Good morning.
Nina, nice that you're back.
How are you?
-Better.
And want to take lessons again?
-Yes.
I've missed a lot.
That's not exactly a little subject.
I will help her.
-Yes?
Well, I know that you are in
good hands with you but is
That's really no problem.
I'll make show what she missed,
right Nina?
Nina.
Nina, Is everything fine?
-Yes.
Nina.
I...
What was going on next to it?
I don't know.
I had, I thought
Did you remember anything?
Yes.
I don't want that anymore.
And?
-I don't have.
I kept my word.
Myself too.
I almost have it.
I hope you know how
important the grail is.
Yes, of course.
-Essential.
Go and let me know when
you have find it.
It's just me.
Must also with something.
What's that?
This is nothing.
I just leaned against the
blackboard.
Still doing something today?
Yes, I wanted to ask you that too.
There's market this afternoon.
Market?
-Yes, with tennis things and such.
Today afternoon, I can't.
Really not or don't you feel like it?
No, that's not it.
I really can't.
What do you have to
do to yourself?
Actually I have to
homework.
I'm missing something in
history and
I have to really do something.
-Is everything okay with you?
See you later, okay?
So, wait a minute
tonight, good, alright.
I have to get you.
We can go jogging.
Good idea, because we'll
write that for tomorrow.
Yes.
The one, that's the last one.
Certainly.
Very sure.
-Really?
I only kissed six and not seven like
I counted myself?
You have guaranteed
the seventh one.
If you think.
Yes, sure.
-Sure?
We do that tomorrow.
All right.
-See you tomorrow.
Kaya.
I thought maybe,
you want something company?
We? a date?
Yes, i have noon today.
That works great, i also have time.
Really?
Well, Lotte.
that's really great.
What do you want?
Movie theater
Max, wait.
-Yes, we can go to the cinema.
Help.
Nina.
What's wrong?
-I'm sorry,
I didn't wake you up.
It's time.